Should be Rochelle Martinez.
Good morning.
Hi.
rochelle: Hey,
rochelle: I had to call him the schedule and
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, do you have time to sort of set up a little, little arrangement here so we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do some of the am Dr.
rochelle: Yeah, I have kids try to get the BBN day. It's been a long weekend we're both sip, hold on.
Okay.
rochelle: She's doing something
Gwenevere Abriel: So you guys are getting sec
rochelle: Know if it's just something viral or if it's just they
rochelle: Don't know, huh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Symptoms of like runny nose.
rochelle: Yeah, call just feeling lousy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the season for it.
rochelle: Yeah, well, my nephew's had walking pneumonia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
So I'm
rochelle: Just kind of hoping we don't doesn't lead to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So while I'm opening up this note where you have remind me, are you on iPad or laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laptop. Beautiful. Okay, so it's already sort of wide enough. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And looks like we did a lot of preparation before
Gwenevere Abriel: A container which you mentioned is a tough shed made of wood, about eight by 10 and there's a sense of
Peace, a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of peace, I, I'm assuming it's in it. And there's a we have a distancing metaphor, which is sort of when you need to. If there's a dis
Gwenevere Abriel: A distressing experience of thought an emotion or memory. You can sort of picture camping and there's a stream mountain behind it and maybe you could picture something sort of floating away down the stream.
Gwenevere Abriel: You also have an I'll probably want to be referencing those which is your team right of this protective figure of mom always having your back no matter what.
Gwenevere Abriel: This nurturing figure. This is quality of grandma always there to talk to available to you to vent, much like a mother figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's also this wise figure which your step dad has that quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It just so I can get a sense of kind of what is current and up to date.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has anything come up around your acts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you, Rochelle. When you think about your x, is it more distressing for you to think about something in the past with her something that gets triggered in your current life or when you look into the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of her what's what's more distressing.
rochelle: I don't know if it's just like the
rochelle: Anxiety because I haven't seen her so long. I don't know if it's a stress, but it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Call it anxiety and is it more about thinking about the past, or is it a what if into the future.
rochelle: No, it's not. It's not like
rochelle: Into the future. I could see cuz like
rochelle: I moved on and I have
rochelle: I'm living my life and I'm happy. You know, I mean, I think it's just
rochelle: Been so good with my leg recovery and sobriety, or whatever. But, um,
rochelle: I guess it's just in the back of my
rochelle: Brain that
rochelle: She'll lead me to relapse generally mean just the stress of
rochelle: Having to deal with it like
rochelle: A kosher. Am I gonna have to go pop. Is it just to do with this shit. Like, I don't have to feel like I have to explain anything to her anymore but I already know that it's gonna come up. Why did you change your number. Why did you just need me like though why
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do some work without. Okay. So what you want is to be able to look directly at your screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, I'm not there with you. So we got to kind of work pretty hard to make this this be effective with the telemedicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So about are you if your eyes were
Gwenevere Abriel: Left and Right, I want to do a little experiment here make sure that we've got a good yeah you're sitting up. So let me just bring this
Gwenevere Abriel: onto the screen. I want to just test it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure we got good I movement here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just do a test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just and this one on this one. I'm really just going to be watching your eyes to make sure you're not straining them and you're going to have to decide to right now you're, are you more than shoulder to fingertip away.
rochelle: What do you mean shoulder
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Are you more than
Gwenevere Abriel: Like three feet away. How, how many feet. Would you say you're away from the screen right
rochelle: About a new Julie from touching it. When I stretch out me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's see if that's too far too close. Let's find out. So just kind of watch the DOD as it goes from left to right, you don't, I'm not worried about the middle part, but I want
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, I can see your eyes. Now is it straining or a should notice that they're going left and right because we want this bilateral stimulation, but I don't want you to be hurting like it's going so far left and right that it's hurting her. I know. Okay, that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there will be times when I speed it up because in here we see
Gwenevere Abriel: That's actually
rochelle: How do I move. Move the little screen because on the right hand side, our pictures covering for the dogs going away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. That makes sense.
rochelle: How do I move it though. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: On your
rochelle: Yeah, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: On your mouse grab grab the top black bar, you know, and just move it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe to the top of the screen. It'll. It'll move it should, if you should be able, with your mouse to grab the
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
rochelle: Okay, that was actually too fast, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to go back down. I'd like like this in here. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got that. So that distance that you are at just now is really important for it to be effective. So I'm, I'm going to stop sharing for just a second. So we can talk to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to this for a second. Notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: You went to the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Notice that words like anxiety.
Stress
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to defend yourself right having to explain. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you also mentioned something about it will lead to me, relaxing. So they're
rochelle: Not necessarily, but like it was always like, Damn, I need is I need to do this bitch to me like
rochelle: type thing. Like, I shouldn't have to explain myself for years later, but I do know like only writing would be would say like, sorry, because I get just looking
rochelle: Change my numbers up to her call she's imprisoned she
rochelle: Do you know what I mean, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I sure do.
rochelle: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll stay there with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like you to do is to picture. And this is this is the work right. You're going to do this is a little different. So what it'll look like in here is I'm going to ask you to pull up this worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you picture in the future, just the worst thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to tell me how stressed, you are when you pull that picture up and send imagine thing because we can't predict the future, but we're going to go with a future pace right now so
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of picture. You don't have to tell me what it is. Just hold it in your in your imagination. I guess you worry thought the one that's really like I'm gonna have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Deal with her answering her. Okay, or maybe something else came up, but whatever comes up for you and let me know when you've got it.
rochelle: I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion, you're feeling right now.
rochelle: disgusted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, disgusted. Now I'm zero to 100 how much distress. Are you in right now.
rochelle: I guess probably like
Like 5050 yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to think
Gwenevere Abriel: About what that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And this emotion of discussed
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants you to think about what this says about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might know what this belief is by saying
Gwenevere Abriel: By finishing the sentence. I am so you picture it you know the emotions discussed what does this say about who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be able to find it by finishing the sentence, I am
rochelle: I am stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm stronger. That sounds like a positive one. How do you feel when you have that thought of I'm stronger.
rochelle: How do I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say I'm stronger. What happens to
Gwenevere Abriel: The moment.
rochelle: That the negative that I was thinking just became distant
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the negative thought. I want to hear it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
rochelle: What I was thinking
rochelle: The negative thought or the like the negative image. Oh, I was disgusted. And I, the negative image was just like me strung out again.
rochelle: Yeah, when I pitch it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see anything before I'm strung out. Can you maybe picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you get to that point. Can you picture making contact with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And saying or doing something before you're strong out, can you can you pull down into some awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: For that. Yeah. Okay. And earlier the emotion was discussed what is it now when you picture.
rochelle: Maybe I'm like nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wouldn't mind if you're comfortable with it. What are you picturing what what's this image. Remember I said kind of
rochelle: I'm picturing just being face to face with it.
rochelle: That's always nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like any location in particular.
rochelle: There's no no no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is harder to get to. So right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself.
rochelle: Like in the moment. What am I believe in myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: This move so fast, try and just see if you can catch it. Just as it's happening. First thing that comes to mind. So notice that you're sitting here with nervousness, you're picturing being face to face with her.
rochelle: What came to mind was a good or new build the motion. They say, Sorry, I'm bigger than
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that say about who you are.
rochelle: That I'm just ready to move on. I'm strong. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm strong. I'm ready to move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a different scale.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one is from one to seven.
rochelle: Think for a
Gwenevere Abriel: Second right now. How true is it I'm strong and ready to move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven is this is absolutely true. One is now not true.
rochelle: Obvious it six
Gwenevere Abriel: And what distress leveling you out right now. Your guts that zero to 100
rochelle: I'm not distressed. So it'd be low.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a number.
rochelle: I was 1025 got
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this image of being face to face with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got this this positive thought of. I am strong and ready to move on and you believe it to be. It's true. And about a six right
rochelle: But the
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotion is
Gwenevere Abriel: Nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like to do with you is I want you for a moment, if you're willing what you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that imagery of your team really have the quality of mom always having your back no matter what that unconditional piece of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: From your grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the wisdom of your step dad. And if you're willing to just imagine them somehow sort of interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you like it, have it all around you or in you something where you are completely immersed and connected with that team of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nutrients and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me know when you are present with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So I want you to watch this is going to be the slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that team focusing there.
Gwenevere Abriel: For sure. Let's breathe in together in Hill big belly right into that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's exhale and let's let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me what you're noticing about yourself right now. You can be anything body mind emotion anything
rochelle: Just call
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, where do you feel the calm, because I know
rochelle: In my shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay column and shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there something there before they were calm.
rochelle: I had like this.
rochelle: It wasn't in my shoulders. I just had this not like or not, but
rochelle: I just felt it in my stomach before
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how to a non or something was going on in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And how's the stomach. Now,
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice it. Anything else come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this again, we'd like you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up this team be very present with it all of the quality of protection nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to pull up the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture the worst element of this future
Gwenevere Abriel: Face to face encounter with your axe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to again.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the light back and forth, left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: In big belly breath, inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What came up for you.
rochelle: At like the top
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything. This is very open ended.
rochelle: The thought that came up was just her
rochelle: Not understanding it.
rochelle: Always turning it
rochelle: To know you did this know you
rochelle: Could have done this, you know what I mean. Instead of just
rochelle: Accepting the
rochelle: Being like a grown up and just wishing well I guess is
rochelle: What I
rochelle: Was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go with that. And I want you to pull up that quality of your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that piece around. She keeps trying to get you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that team.
Gwenevere Abriel: President with all of the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Of nutrients wisdom and protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice be belly breath air in person that diaphragm down and let's exhale it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know you have other things going on outside the room. But what did you notice
rochelle: What, what was I came to my mind was just the conversation.
rochelle: Because I sat down and I told her what was going on and like
rochelle: Stuff like that and
rochelle: Just that conversation came up ish
rochelle: But I was
rochelle: Like, that's the first thing that came to my mind when I was
rochelle: What I really told me
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was a little disconnection because of the telemedicine. I heard you say you were thinking about something I had told her, and then something about gramma to
rochelle: Ya know, I was just
rochelle: Me and my grandma had a conversation yesterday and am just
rochelle: And it was just so she could be aware of.
rochelle: Changes in my attitude and behavior and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you tell your grandma that your attitude and behavior is changing.
rochelle: Know I called her like what signs to look for
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep an eye out for me if I what
rochelle: start withdrawing like this into myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isolating all okay yes
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the belief about yourself right now. See if you can find that
Gwenevere Abriel: You might find it through. I am
Or I believe
rochelle: I'm seeing stuff in my head to see what
Gwenevere Abriel: What's true
rochelle: What sticks right at the moment. Yeah.
rochelle: I am loved. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am loved. I get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. How true is that from one to seven seven being absolutely true seven. Okay, let's go with that pull up that image that you have meet face to face with your x
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing bring present this I am loved surrounded with the quality of safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: I go
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's coming up. What's you're noticing.
rochelle: I was
rochelle: I was filling it
rochelle: In late
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm so sorry. Real quick, do me a favor. Turn your video off for just a second. I want to hear everything you said let's let's extend our bandwidth, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to hear everything you just said.
rochelle: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Yeah, there we go. Okay, so tell me one more time to say I want to catch, he said.
rochelle: I just felt like I was like a piece like that was I'm following that thought or whatever. And I saw
rochelle: That not my shoulders felt them feel tense, like I just felt
rochelle: Like it p
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders not tense and you felt at peace. And what about the stomach did it. Was there any observation with that.
rochelle: I didn't have that no
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no, not and how true is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: You are loved.
rochelle: Oh, it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's a bit of seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or no, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you do, you know, when you were pulling up this WORST piece of this future potential image. Did you notice any kind of shift in your thoughts.
rochelle: Which
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture it may be happening.
rochelle: Well, when you when you said it like that. It was just like, all I pictured was I was walking a totally different way and I wasn't walking behind her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Walking a different way.
Yeah, okay.
rochelle: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I heard you say I was walking a different way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just muted yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you say you were walking a different way.
rochelle: Is it muted now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you.
rochelle: Oh, it just keeps popping up your speakers not working. Check your
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, you could if you do want to reset and log back out. That's up to you but I'm hearing you now.
rochelle: Okay.
rochelle: I think we're good. If I turned up the volume and if it
rochelle: Does just to begin well
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want to do is a little, a little assessment. I want to see how how solid. This is pay close attention to your body. Responding pay close attention to a thought to an image that's really make sure that we've loosened up this network. Okay, once you to picture her face to face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture this truth about yourself this deep belief of I am loved
Gwenevere Abriel: And scan your bio. Let's make sure we've really addressed what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned earlier, walking a different way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sir, any residual charge left. Is it because we want to be real careful, make sure you don't try and please me, you know, we're doing this activity. Make sure you're you're keeping me aware of anything that's coming up.
rochelle: Nervous came back to my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what. Yeah. What's the thought that goes with the nervous stomach.
rochelle: I guess when you said that, I'm not teasing you.
rochelle: Yeah, um,
rochelle: I guess that's when I got nervous. I don't know.
Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I had said, I just want to make sure was to make sure you're not, you know, being
rochelle: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is such an odd activities, probably the first time you've done it. I wanted to make sure you are always keeping me aware of if there's anything left in a stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything left in the shoulder. You know what I mean. We got to make sure you're the one who has reached sort of this low the ideal is peace and calm and distance right from this imagery and and so I wanted to check in there so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me see a little bit. Um, when I said that. What were you thinking about when I said, well, make sure you're not pleasing me
rochelle: I guess you put doubt in my head.
rochelle: It was, yeah.
rochelle: Like they thought, well, Damn Am I pleasing here, is it really, am I really feeling peace. Okay.
There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so how. Let me check in on this other thought of yours, which was I. I am strong. Can I see how how true is is that one from one to seven right now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little bit with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pull up the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just curious, just so I can bring you back there. How do you picture this team being a part of you.
rochelle: Hello. How do I picture.
rochelle: When you say team like
rochelle: It feels like this part of my head thinking like grandma and mom and this one's thinking that like I just picture them just
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they doing so they're separate. Is there any way you can picture of all getting along together somehow
rochelle: Guess that's a little hard, they know to put them all.
rochelle: In nothing, just because they just went through that Dubois and
rochelle: He's over here and we will be here now. So I guess that's, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's work on this a little bit more, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take, remember this is a quality. So what can you sort of pull away from Step Dad, what is the actual call quality that you know he represents wisdom, a wise figure. What is it about him and see if we can do a little bit more work around this.
rochelle: What
Gwenevere Abriel: When you
Gwenevere Abriel: When you picture him being wise, what do you picture I'm doing or
rochelle: I guess when when I picture like just wise, it's just like the beliefs that he
rochelle: He always tried to like install on us like
rochelle: When you said that it was like, Don't do drugs type thing. Yeah. Not only was he a police. He was the dare officer and just
rochelle: All centered around that. You know what I mean. So, as I always don't do drugs and he was real strict so it was
rochelle: That being
rochelle: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see represent
Gwenevere Abriel: A belief in rules.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And that has a sense of wisdom and part of. Is that right, like, it feels wise to to have this knowing of at least he has some confidence about right, wrong is. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then also specifically one of those beliefs is don't do drugs and that elsewise
rochelle: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get a couple more. So notice that it's it's the quality is his beliefs. Is this rules the strict rules.
rochelle: A boom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we got the quality of it now and let's just to make it a little bit more rough but robust, where else does his wisdom show up, whereas to get the sense of it.
rochelle: Just the way you with a goal is a good leader late afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ooh, tell me more about little pictures you just got in your head about picturing him leading is that in the dare work he was doing. Tell me more.
rochelle: It was just
rochelle: Was I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see him talking to anyone talking to you or some way he moved that it just had this sense of this is a leader.
rochelle: Yeah, I see him talking to us like in a
rochelle: group setting where it was like the presenter.
rochelle: And just
rochelle: Like them pictured me my brother and sister just sitting there just listening to the YC strengthens going towards
rochelle: Knows
rochelle: What's right from wrong and why we shouldn't be doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you trust him.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now see if you can just take that inventory of you and your brother and sister you're listening and you have this trust that this is a leader. He believes in his rules of right from wrong he does he seem confident, like he really believe
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them is to not do drugs. What does this wise man wants you to do if you're not doing drugs. What does he wants you to do.
rochelle: Be a good person.
rochelle: It was a just always
rochelle: Be yourself in
rochelle: And don't get
rochelle: Don't be a follower don't always try to be a leader in whatever you're doing, don't
rochelle: If it's playing basketball or running track or whatever it was that we were doing it was
rochelle: Just a Yahoo. We started hanging out with the wrong prouder started
rochelle: Doing stuff. It was just like always.
rochelle: Don't be a follower type thing is what I was told by him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with be true to yourself. Can you feel that that encouragement that champion that wisdom of be true to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hold that in that space of trusting that wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then see if the presence and quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of have
Gwenevere Abriel: A mother like
Gwenevere Abriel: Grandma right it's about this ability to talk and vent, see if those qualities can be in the same room together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be true to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can this quality of nurturing gramma also the present.
rochelle: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay now let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: If a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Can come into that same space or comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can also be adult you Rochelle That's another thing you know sometimes we forget that it can be our wise, our protective self our, you know, when we really have this new awareness, where once they when we were kids. It wasn't there. It can also be your adult version of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That seem real like, do you have a protective nature about to him quality. Could it be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah you know how to protect you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to talk to little one real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, go for it and then come back.
rochelle: Sorry, they wanted me to open an orange.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do I gotta start a group shortly. But let's do a little bit more inner weaving. Okay, here we go. You ready
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do one more piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call up worst worry image face to face with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to be surrounded by this presence in the same room, face to face, and also embodied in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this truth of being true to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ability and quality to protect your self.
Gwenevere Abriel: unknowing
Gwenevere Abriel: Of I am loved
Gwenevere Abriel: hold that in your awareness and let's look back and forth here at this light left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hold it all together. If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together, Rochelle nice deep belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice your body and mind.
rochelle: All I know this because I am loved
That's what
rochelle: They
Gwenevere Abriel: meant a nice one. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's end here. See if you can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself right now.
rochelle: That I'm strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you picture seeing her face to face. What can you do
rochelle: Say sorry one
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, move on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter what, no matter how many times she said this is a little talk here, no matter what someone else does.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't control her, she's going to do her do her thing you've been busy growing be convenient if she did too, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be in the presence of someone saying
Gwenevere Abriel: And accusing you of things, calling you names judging you trying to corner you and move you across the chessboard, in other words, manipulate right. Anyone can do that, that that's their business.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you get to stay in your truth which is I'm straight. Right, I'm good. Right. Like, I got this. I'm right here. I'm fine.
rochelle: I just feel like
rochelle: I could see all that Ray know
rochelle: What is that what's gonna, I guess that's just the hard part is because I keep replaying that in my head and I keep telling myself.
rochelle: And
rochelle: I still not that i doubt way so that there's that little part of my brain.
rochelle: What
rochelle: If you don't see all that, like, I don't know, there's that doubt in me like there's this much doubt. Okay, it is still there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I want to work on that next time, I'm going to see if I can create a way to say that in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressing is that little bit of doubt. What if I don't say all that to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: How big is that fear.
rochelle: I guess that's probably the biggest fear of the whole thing right now is just I replayed it in my head. I said, I am good. I am strong.
rochelle: I
rochelle: Worked on my sobriety myself the last four years that we haven't talked like I am good. Do you know what I mean, like,
rochelle: I'm good.
rochelle: Sorry, but I am good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the doubt.
rochelle: I just see her.
rochelle: making me feel sorry with you don't understand how it is to have to do a time and no phone calls. No.
rochelle: Be
rochelle: For all the Munich manipulative ways that she knew her to get back into my life, you know, remain like making me feel sorry because
rochelle: I
rochelle: Just left against like yeah I know it's hard when you're in jail and you have nobody. You know what I mean, like, just that type of being where
Gwenevere Abriel: It's great. This is really helpful. Rochelle You just gave me a really juicy piece of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: You really worked hard today. I think I took some good notes. Um, I, I gotta jump out and run this group.
Gwenevere Abriel: For Dr. Solomon. I'm just curious how much distress, is that just now, what number zero to 100 what what's that I want to put this on, on the scale and right place
rochelle: When I was telling you both adult
Now, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what this is all about. Right.
rochelle: Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What number
rochelle: 5060 okay it's up there. It's not down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Let's pick another time we'll pick a time and then you cross check all of your other obligations and you can, you know, let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I know you know, sitting here, people may not know everything that's going on. Um, do you want to meet in two weeks, or next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: To follow up with this. It's up to you completely up to you. Either way is fine.
rochelle: I think we could we could do it either or, I'm trying to clear my calendar. I don't have an appointment on Friday. Don't do anything on Monday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we do eight o'clock again February 10 and then I gotta jump out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. Okay, well, we'll slow down and reconfirm you go check all your schedules and let me know and
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's anything left right now sort of picture it right on that stream.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put some distance between. It is you, and I'll safely pick it up on Monday we'll do it together. Okay. You don't have to be busy thinking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as soon as it in truth, send it down on a leaf down the river you and I'll pick it up together or you can put it in the container great have faith that you and I will talk about it.
rochelle: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, fighting actually later. Right. Thanks.